# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
ape-pie==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-structlog
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
astroid==3.3.5
    # via pylint
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via webtest
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
boltons==24.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
cbor2==5.6.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   flower
    #   notifications-api-common
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
commonground-api-common==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
coverage==7.6.8
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via pyquery
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-reversion-compare
dill==0.3.9
    # via pylint
django==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-markup
    #   django-otp
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-reversion-compare
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-structlog
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   django-upgrade-check
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   maykin-common
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-axes==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-celery-beat==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-csp==4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   open-api-framework
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
django-jsonform==2.23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-markup==1.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-reversion==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-reversion-compare
django-reversion-compare==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-setup-configuration==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-simple-certmanager==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-structlog==9.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-timeline-logger==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-timezone-field==7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-upgrade-check==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-gis==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework-inclusions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
drf-nested-routers==0.94.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
face==24.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
faker==33.1.0
    # via factory-boy
flower==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
glom==24.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
humanize==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iso639-lang==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sphinx
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lxml==5.3.0
    # via pyquery
markdown==3.3.6
    # via sphinx-markdown-tables
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
maykin-common==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
multidict==6.2.0
    # via yarl
notifications-api-common==0.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
open-api-framework==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-csp
    #   sphinx
phonenumberslite==8.13.50
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via pylint
prometheus-client==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
propcache==0.3.1
    # via yarl
psycopg==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   psycopg
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
pylint==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   qrcode
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   python-crontab
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
    #   pydantic-settings
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ipware
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   oyaml
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   vcrpy
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
redis==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   open-api-framework
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-reversion-compare
rpds-py==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.11.10
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-upgrade-check
sentry-sdk==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   open-api-framework
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-markdown-tables==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.7
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
structlog==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-structlog
tblib==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   qrcode
    #   typing-inspection
    #   zgw-consumers
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   vcrpy
uwsgi==2.0.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
vcrpy==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.2
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.9
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.4
    # via django-webtest
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.18.3
    # via vcrpy
zgw-consumers==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
